Can't you breathe?
Shall I get you some water?
Would you like some?
Would you like a sip?
Here you are.
How you're suffering!
Your hands...
They're so cold.
They're absolutely frozen.
Are you cold?
D'you want a hot-water bottle?
I'll get you a hot-water bottle.
You want one?
It'll help warm you.
Is that better?
Don't you want it?
Put your hands like this.
Look how cold they are.
Is that better?
The pulse...
The pulse has stopped.
- Can't you feel it?
- No.
It's very weak.
- Look, a tear.
- Even I wiped one away.
The suffering is over.
Not too loud. They say they can
still hear for two hours.
Let's leave them in peace then.
And then...
Even when they are dead
Shura.
They say, not to dusturb them
for two hours.
Only to cover them
with a sheet.
There's no pulse.
I can't feel any.
- There's no pulse.
- Perhaps we should use a mirror.
That one's too big.
Where's the smaller one?
Perhaps everyone
who has suffered greatly
happens to arrive at a point
in their life
when they ask themselves
why this must happen to them
and not anyone else.
And they go over and over
in their minds
all of their own actions.
Examine their whole life
All of the suffering
that has so crushed them.
And treat it as
a kind of price
that must be paid
for the mistakes they have made.
Later, when I became familiar
with the bible
I understood, in fact,
that each person must pay
not only for their own mistakes
but in a certain sense even
for those of their dearest ones.
As it says in the bible,
even unto the 3rd generation.
This will help you
to see your suffering
in a different way.
Like when you concentrate
on the hurt of another person
who is close to you.
Then, your own pain
will diminish
and ease your suffering.
I don't want your tears
to bother those who are near you.
Subtitles: Corvusalbus